TEST
create a user
create a post with a topic
create another user and try to create a post on that topic


TEST
upvote for -1


QUESTION
do we want to deliver all the comments for an iteration with post.show?
or, build an iteration.show controller, pull comments


posts index
// http://localhost:3001/api/posts?sort=popular&&search=62ded86322b57344c4b4824e


The word iguana is derived from the original Taino name for the species, iwana. In addition to the two species in the genus Iguana, several other related genera in the same family have common names of the species including the word iguana.


Binary trees are a commonly used type, which constrain the number of children for each parent to exactly two. When the order of the children is specified, this data structure corresponds to an ordered tree in graph theory. A value or pointer to other data may be associated with every node in the tree, or sometimes only with the leaf nodes, which have no children.

In computer science, a binary tree is a tree data structure in which each node has at most two children, which are referred to as the left child and the right child. A recursive definition using just set theory notions is that a (non-empty) binary tree is a tuple L, S, R, where L and R are binary trees or the empty set and S is a singleton set containing the root. Some authors allow the binary tree to be the empty set as well.

In mathematics, what is termed binary tree can vary significantly from author to author. Some use the definition commonly used in computer science but others define it as every non-leaf having exactly two children and don't necessarily order as left and right the children either.

All things are made of atoms — little particles that move around in 
perpetual motion, attracting each other when they are a little distance apart, but repelling upon being squeezed into one another.


World War II was a global war that lasted from 1939 to 1945. It involved the vast majority of the world's countries—including all of the great powers—forming two opposing military alliances: the Allies and the Axis powers.